huhu, time. hahaha
connected so
Mmm
Oh, wow.
mm mmm
mhm
mm mmm..
It's like an action huh like an action story.
yeah
mmm...
Oh oh wow.
mmm
Wow... That's great like it
Haa. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh.***
really. Ahan ahan
mmmm
Wow. wow
Huhuhuh hahahuh
huhuh huh
That's so cool though. what?
mmm..
mmm....
huhuhahah
It's kind of like a like a Netflix drama, right
Like a like the first the first season or the first episode doesn't sit with you.
Ch move on to the next
ahm least most recent book that I picked up was called Culture Man.
Have you ever heard about that?. I think it's cult the kids called the Culture Map.
So with it's story or it's a book about how
A business consultant that deals with people from different cultures.
He did it, not not a study, but like he...
He ah wrote about how different
people from different countries have like mannerisms.
and like cultural like cues that other other...
people don't have, and like
There was this one um chapter about how
like Chinese people and Asian people like
They.. when they're in a meeting, like...
Asian people will always, the subordinates will always stay quiet.
because they're always waiting for like permission to speak.
Right. And opposed to like some, like a Western person who would.
be more assertive men. So they have people who are like...
You know like they have miscommunications about
Or like miscommunications in like within a team.
And so like, you know, the boss would hire hire somebody from like France.
ha and French are really direct.
um and then they don't they so when there's like American people like
prey like they always do the whole...
affirmation and then they give criticism, right? For for Americans, right?
So, for French people, when they hear that, the first thing they hear is a praise.
And then they did they just come in. That's it, you know?
Huhu, So they don't yeah, they don't they don't pick up on my cassaro like...
push towards like some kind of you know constructive, like, you know...
something so like it's it's always kind of this sound
This interesting kind of juxtaposition about these two.
cultures and I thought that that was really interesting because it's me
like growing up, you know.
Is at at Asain
or Japanese-American here, you know? I think that always kind of...um
being between cultures is a real interest for me. So that book really kind of...
It was a very interesting read for me as well. yeah
culture map, I think that was called huhu
I don't remember either. Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's interesting.
yeah, box was, no, we have a hobbies.
Hobbies. I have a lot of hobbies, but I just don't have much time.
So it's really hard to like have time to do the things that I want to do.
Because it, the lat latest thing is
I like crafting a lot, like I love like
making things, so
um, have you ever played the cricket?
A cricket, It's like a like a cutting machine. yeah, and so like
You can design like your own
like, designs and then make the...
thing cut it for you and then you construct it out of that. So it's like cards.
Or like... Or what is it?
like cleaning and doing some HTVs.
cutting and then you can iron it on to like products like tote bags and like
T-shirts and stuff. So that kind of stuff is fine.
yeah. Are you crafter? Do you do craft around?
mmm
Yeah, huhuhhah
mhm
oh my gosh